README.md, before:

# RUNS + MUSIC (Aka, Moove & Groove)

### The purpose of my webapp is to allow users to input a run they did, and the original intent was that once that run was entered they could then enter music they listend to on the run. However, as the app development evolved the music component became slightly more ancillary. One pivot that resulted was the inclusion of the user being able to add comments to a run. 

### The idea for this webapp came about due to the fact I enjoy running and listening to music on my runs. In fact, I have a spreadsheet with every run I've done since July 11, 2006. When I did GA's Product Management Immersive in early 2015 I envision creating a webapp like this someday, and eight years later it's coming to pass. 

#### SCREEN SHOTS:
- LANDING PAGE:
![Image-2](https://i.imgur.com/8gHUAsI.png)
- ANOTHER PAGE: 
![Image-3](https://i.imgur.com/qfCmJOm.png)
- AND ANOTHER PAGE: 
![Image-4](https://i.imgur.com/mURooyj.png)
- YET ANOTHER PAGE:
![Image-5](https://i.imgur.com/L7OXySU.png)
- ONE LAST PAGE: 
![Image-6](https://i.imgur.com/Tpc2dyp.png)



- to be able to log out of the app
- to enter a run, so that I can keep track of my run (see detail in card for entry fields)
- to be able to edit a run I entered, so that I can fix mistakes as needed
- to be able to delete a run, so that ...
- to be able to add a song (or multiple songs) I listened to on a run, so that I can remember what I listed to that day
- to be able to edit the song/songs that I enter, so that I can fix an entry errors
- to POTENTIALLY have ability to add notes to runs and/or music that I've entered

#### Trello Board for Project Tracking: 
- https://trello.com/b/LBHRiZr3/project-2-sei-alex-christion

#### Sample Wire Frames: 

a user adds a new run: 

![Image-1](https://i.imgur.com/FM1ube4.png)

the new run is rendered: 

![Image-2](https://i.imgur.com/BNAU1wi.png)

form to add new music as sub-element of a run: 

![Image-3](https://i.imgur.com/Tn3fOP5.png)

run image rendered w/ music included

![Image-4](https://i.imgur.com/zGEWhl8.png)

full link to Balsamic wires: https://balsamiq.cloud/sjh802t/ppd0jux/r03D8

#### Preliminary ERD: 

![Image-ERD](https://i.imgur.com/C5r4JSK.png)

Commit message:

comments on images in readme

README.md, after:

# RUNS + MUSIC (Aka, Moove & Groove)

### The purpose of my webapp is to allow users to input a run they did, and the original intent was that once that run was entered they could then enter music they listend to on the run. However, as the app development evolved the music component became slightly more ancillary. One pivot that resulted was the inclusion of the user being able to add comments to a run. 

### The idea for this webapp came about due to the fact I enjoy running and listening to music on my runs. In fact, I have a spreadsheet with every run I've done since July 11, 2006. When I did GA's Product Management Immersive in early 2015 I envision creating a webapp like this someday, and eight years later it's coming to pass. 

#### SCREEN SHOTS:
- LANDING PAGE:
![Image-2](https://i.imgur.com/8gHUAsI.png)
- On this page you can see runs a user has entered. You can delete any of them, or add a new one. You can click into the details of a run, or in the header click over into the music entry section: 
![Image-3](https://i.imgur.com/qfCmJOm.png)
- This is the detail page of a run. You can see the title of the run, the distance, the duration, and the location. You can click to edit the run. You can also view any comments on the run which you can delete, and if there aren't any add one. This also displays the user who enterd the comment. Runs have a one to many relationship with comments. 
![Image-4](https://i.imgur.com/mURooyj.png)
- Here's the music page. You can view music by song title and either click to add, delete music, or go into music detail page. 
![Image-5](https://i.imgur.com/L7OXySU.png)
- This shows the edit view of a run page - any of the fields can be edited, or just left blank. It's worth noting that the music edit page is similar to this too. 
![Image-6](https://i.imgur.com/Tpc2dyp.png)



- to be able to log out of the app
- to enter a run, so that I can keep track of my run (see detail in card for entry fields)
- to be able to edit a run I entered, so that I can fix mistakes as needed
- to be able to delete a run, so that ...
- to be able to add a song (or multiple songs) I listened to on a run, so that I can remember what I listed to that day
- to be able to edit the song/songs that I enter, so that I can fix an entry errors
- to POTENTIALLY have ability to add notes to runs and/or music that I've entered

#### Trello Board for Project Tracking: 
- https://trello.com/b/LBHRiZr3/project-2-sei-alex-christion

#### Sample Wire Frames: 

a user adds a new run: 

![Image-1](https://i.imgur.com/FM1ube4.png)

the new run is rendered: 

![Image-2](https://i.imgur.com/BNAU1wi.png)

form to add new music as sub-element of a run: 

![Image-3](https://i.imgur.com/Tn3fOP5.png)

run image rendered w/ music included

![Image-4](https://i.imgur.com/zGEWhl8.png)

full link to Balsamic wires: https://balsamiq.cloud/sjh802t/ppd0jux/r03D8

#### Preliminary ERD: 

![Image-ERD](https://i.imgur.com/C5r4JSK.png)
